every year millions of people come to
the UK and they go out looking for what
they think of as traditional English
food and where better to get that food
they think than a traditional English
pub big mistake unless of course you
want scampi frozen pies and sausages
with God knows what kind of meat inside
them now if you're comparing an English
view to say fine French cuisine or maybe
some Japanese sushi then of course it
doesn't have the finesse with those
cuisines but it has something different
it has nothing in a smooth strainer see
wine so these are really really possible
carefully hats well once you speed now
the last the potato into a sieve this is
where the hard work is push the potato
through the sieve into a bowl back to
the spoon now the reason I'm doing this
because it makes the smoothest creamiest
mashed potato
now obviously an easy way to make a
potato is tomatoes until you can put a
knife through them then you can drain
them off you can just use a potato
masher as know
place it there there's amazing I'm not
gonna lie to you I'm going to put a few
ingredients in the shepherd's pie which
aren't exactly what you'd think of as
traditional but keep with me till the
end you'll see exactly why dibs it's
going to taste amazing first I'm going
to use these of machining mushrooms
which I need to soak first in some
nearly boiling waters believe that on
the side whilst we cook up some carrots
some onions and some garlic sizzling
away already
in a frying pan on medium heat and just
make a nice and sort of doughnut round
water right now you cook down in onions
in your camera next I'm going to do is
adding a couple of good handfuls of
button mushrooms and then time net a
couple of sprigs and the way to get this
off is just to push your finger from the
bottom all the way up to the top and it
comes off just like that and then just
cook those mushrooms down
but rounding off I'm just going to take
out my coaching mushrooms which have
been soaking now for about ten minutes
nice and soft right so now that meats
cooked I've got this out I'm going to
add some Marsala wine into it and then
porcini mushrooms chopped up these smell
actually intoxicating a real woody and
natural smell so a real richness to the
source as well
ennifer back on vegetables and this is
where it starts to get a little bit more
put so funky ingredient number one
ketchup
really really good flavor so give it a
really good squeeze like that funky
really number two babies couldn't get
more traditional than baked beans
you might seem a bit weird but other
recipes that use tomatoes chopped
tomatoes the baked beans just it has one
now - trust me when you have it you see
what I'm talking about
next ingredients and frozen please check
out the colors that's absolutely
gorgeous
then we're gonna season it a little bit
more than your salt and then some oyster
sauce
another great really really good season
and then we need to do so a part of the
way put on the low heat leave it there
for at least 20 minutes maybe half an
hour we'll miss that oh yeah one thing I
forgot is that we need to put a bit
mushroom water from the chena mushrooms
into it so just put a couple good gloves
three in there
definitely hot tuna on the seasonings
good as well so we can make it up now
okay our meats in here and if I want to
keep the rest for another time I'm just
free - no problem we're gonna mash
potato if you made it into the middle
then we're just gonna spread it to the
sides now a mash is this screaming if
you want to be really pretentious about
it
you'd call it poly Museveni but I just
call it pretty much
now I'll spread it all to the sides and
once you cover the means
sit check it out doesn't need to be too
delicate then the next thing going to do
is press and she's over it now I have
got some mature cheddar which are
perfect absolutely perfect
exactly once you covered all of it with
a really thick layer of cheese I'm just
going to stick it under a really hot
grill or five minutes until it's brown
what best thing about this dish is you
don't need to have with anything it's
got everything you want right beside it
and serve really nice golden color on
top which is exactly how you want it and
then just put a big healthy spoonful
onto your plate like so get a little bit
more means
it's pretty good time just to garnish a
little bit of pepper and they have
no-nonsense delicious traditional
shepherd's pie just the kind of thing a
Shepherd Ward's Potteries had a hard day
you